introduction/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the SuperDocs documentation
---

# Welcome to SuperDocs

SuperDocs is a powerful, flexible, and design-forward documentation generator built on top of Astro. It allows you to create stunning documentation sites with minimal configuration, while giving you the full power of Astro and MDX when you need it.

## Key Features

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Column>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:zap" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Zero Config**
        Get up and running with a single JSON file.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:file-code" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **MDX Support**
        Use React/Preact/Svelte/Vue/Solid components directly in your markdown.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:panel-left" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Auto-generated Sidebar**
        Your file structure dictates your sidebar (unless you override it).
      </div>
    </div>
  </Column>
  <Column>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:palette" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Theming**
        Fully customizable color palettes and branding.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:blocks" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Interactive Components**
        Built-in components like code playgrounds, tabs, and more.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:search" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **SEO Optimized**
        Standard SEO practices built-in.
      </div>
    </div>
  </Column>
</Columns>

## Philosophy

SuperDocs was built with the belief that documentation should be:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Beautiful by default">
    <Icon name="lucide:sparkles" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> You shouldn't need to be a designer to have good looking docs.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Fast">
    <Icon name="lucide:rocket" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> Both for the end user and the developer.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Extensible">
    <Icon name="lucide:puzzle" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> Easy things should be easy, hard things should be possible.
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Next Steps

<CardGroup>
  <Card title="Installation" icon="lucide:download" href="/getting-started/installation">
    Get SuperDocs running on your machine in under 5 minutes.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Configuration" icon="lucide:settings" href="/reference/configuration">
    Learn how to customize your site with `docs-config.json`.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Theming" icon="lucide:palette" href="/guides/customizing-theme">
    Make the documentation site your own with custom colors and branding.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

docs: update documentation to reflect Lito branding and add overview guide

introduction/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to the Lito documentation
---

# Welcome to Lito

Lito is a powerful, flexible, and design-forward documentation generator built on top of Astro. It allows you to create stunning documentation sites with minimal configuration, while giving you the full power of Astro and MDX when you need it.

## Key Features

<Columns cols={2}>
  <Column>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:zap" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Zero Config**
        Get up and running with a single JSON file.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:file-code" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **MDX Support**
        Use React/Preact/Svelte/Vue/Solid components directly in your markdown.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:panel-left" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Auto-generated Sidebar**
        Your file structure dictates your sidebar (unless you override it).
      </div>
    </div>
  </Column>
  <Column>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:palette" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Theming**
        Fully customizable color palettes and branding.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:blocks" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **Interactive Components**
        Built-in components like code playgrounds, tabs, and more.
      </div>
    </div>
    <div style="display: flex; align-items: flex-start; gap: 0.75rem; margin-bottom: 1rem;">
      <Icon name="lucide:search" size={20} class="text-primary-500" style="margin-top: 0.25rem; flex-shrink: 0;" />
      <div>
        **SEO Optimized**
        Standard SEO practices built-in.
      </div>
    </div>
  </Column>
</Columns>

## Philosophy

Lito was built with the belief that documentation should be:

<Steps>
  <Step title="Beautiful by default">
    <Icon name="lucide:sparkles" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> You shouldn't need to be a designer to have good looking docs.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Fast">
    <Icon name="lucide:rocket" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> Both for the end user and the developer.
  </Step>
  <Step title="Extensible">
    <Icon name="lucide:puzzle" size={18} class="text-primary-500" /> Easy things should be easy, hard things should be possible.
  </Step>
</Steps>

## Next Steps

<CardGroup>
  <Card title="Installation" icon="lucide:download" href="/getting-started/installation">
    Get Lito running on your machine in under 5 minutes.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Configuration" icon="lucide:settings" href="/reference/configuration">
    Learn how to customize your site with `docs-config.json`.
  </Card>
  <Card title="Theming" icon="lucide:palette" href="/guides/customizing-theme">
    Make the documentation site your own with custom colors and branding.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
